Document the new UX and UI for space member application (#249)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Manage-Space.rst

Space banner and avatar
=======================

> After :ref:`creating a space <Create-Space>`, by default it has the default banner (related to the space template) and the default space's icon. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After :ref:`creating a space <Create-Space>`, it has the default banner (related to the space template) space icon. 
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To change the banner just mouse over in the top right corner of the
space banner, an icon |SP-13| appears.

By clicking on it, you can pick up an image from your computer.

.. tip:: The banner size should be 130 pixels height minimum.

.. note:: You can update your current banner by clicking on the same icon.

.. _SpaceAvatar:

Space avatar
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Contrary to the banner, you can choose an another space avatar only in your space **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the banner, you can choose another space avatar only from space **Settings**.
```

> When scrolling down in the space's activity stream, or applications, you always have the space' avatar, the space name and their applications in the topbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scrolling down in the space's activity stream, or applications, you always have the space's avatar, the space name and their applications in the topbar.
```

.. tip:: By opening a space, the default platform topbar is replaced by the space topbar.

The space's topbar contains:

-  The space's avatar in a square form.

-  The space's name allowing you to know in which space you are.

-  The space's applications.

> -  The same actions icons we already have in the platform default topbar: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The usual icons of the topbar: 
```

   Notifications, Applications center, Search icon and Chat.

> In mobile devices, applications navigation bar is displayed on the bottom and scrollable right and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On mobile devices, application navigation bar is displayed at the bottom and can be scrolled from right to
```

   -  Description: a general purpose area for collaboration and communication of a digital community.
   -  Hidden: No 
   -  Registration : Open

>    -  Predefined Apps : Home, Documents, Tasks, Forum, Wiki, Calendar, Members, Settings

Reviewer: Wiki was renamed Notes

>    -  Predefined Apps : Home, Documents, Tasks, Forum, Wiki, Calendar, Members, Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Predefined Apps : Home, Documents, Tasks, Forum, Notes, Calendar, Members, Settings
```

   -  Description: A project space where members coordinate on tasks toward a predefined outcome.
   -  Hidden: No 
   -  Registration : Validation

>    -  Predefined Apps : Home, Tasks, Documents, Calendar, Wiki, Forum, Members, Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Predefined Apps : Home, Tasks, Documents, Calendar, Notes, Forum, Members, Settings
```

   -  Description: A central destination for members of a team.
   -  Hidden: Yes
   -  Registration : Validation

>    -  Predefined Apps : Home, Calendar, Documents, Wiki, Tasks, Members, Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Predefined Apps : Home, Calendar, Documents, Notes, Tasks, Members, Settings
```

   -  Description: Interpersonal communication where a space groups are involved in exchange of ideas, skills and interests.
   -  Hidden: No 
   -  Registration : Validation

>    -  Predefined Apps : Home, Documents, Tasks, Forum, Wiki, Calendar, Members, Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Predefined Apps : Home, Documents, Tasks, Forum, Notes, Calendar, Members, Settings
```

-  :ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp>`: displays the online members of the space. 
   It appears while at least one member is online.
   
   |SP-11|

.. note:: :ref:`Calendar <CalendarApp>` and :ref:`Who is Online? <WhoIsOnlineApp>` portlets are the same
          as for :ref:`intranet homepage <PLFHomepage>` but specific for the space's calendar and members.

.. note:: When you are a  platform administrator and member of a space, you are able to add more portlets 

>           just by clicking on Edit --> Page --> Edit layout and then drag and drop the portelt you want to add.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          just by clicking on Edit --> Page --> Edit layout and then drag and drop the app you want to add.    
```

Changing space information
---------------------------

This function allows you to edit the basic information of a space, which are General space informations and space's applications.

To open the Settings page, you can select the Settings tab in the space navigation bar.

**General**

> By clicking on the edit icon in front of the General label, uyou can change space's information like: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the edit icon in front of the General label, you can change space's information like: 
```

      letters in their username, First name or Last name. Press Enter on
      keyboard to confirm the user selection.

.. note:: Every user, or space, added to the invite drawer, is presented by the full name and its avatar.
         If you entered a wrong username (i.e it doesn't exist), nothing will be displayed in the suggestions list. 

4. Click on Invite to send invitations to the chosen
      persons.

      If you press on Invite to confirm a wrong username, the wrong username is not taken into account on sent invitations.
      
 
The invitees will see your invitations in the :ref:`Invitations application <Accept-Ignore-Space-Invitation>` at the right panel of their homepage.

Filter space members
-----------------------
You can filter space's members by choosing a value from the pulldown: 

- Members: Displays all the space's members

- Managers: Displays only the space's managers

- Invited: displays invited users to the space

- Requested: displays users that send a request to join the space.

.. note:: Invited and Requested are visible to only the space managers.

Display Invited members
-------------------------

> You can display the list of invited members just by selecting **Invited** on the filter space members pulldown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display the list of invited users just by selecting **Invited** on the filter space members pulldown.
```

users become members only after they are accepted. so invited members does not exist. it's invited users.

|SP-19|

> Display Requested to join  members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display Join Requests
```

> Display Requestd to join  members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display Requested to join  members
```

------------------------------------

You can display the list of members who sent a request to join the space just by selecting **Requested** on the filter space members pulldown.

|SP-20|

.. _PromotingDemotingMember:

Promoting/Demoting a member
----------------------------

> -  To promote a member to the manager position, click **Promote Manager** in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  To grant a member the space's manager role, click **Promote Manager** in the
```

you to manage space applications is displayed.

|SP-27|

Here, you can:

Adding a new space application
-------------------------------

1. Click Add Application icon to open the *Space Application Installer* drawer.

|SP-21|

2. Select the application you want to add by clicking Add icon
in front of it.

If there is no available application, ask your system administrator to
gain the access right.

Deleting an application
--------------------------

To remove an application, click **Remove** in the application's pulldown.

|SP-28|

 .. note::You cannot delete the Space Settings application because it is configured as a mandatory space application.

Renaming an application
-------------------------

As manager of a space, you are allowed to rename its applications **except the Activity Stream**.
To rename an application, simply double-click on its name.

.. _Manage-space-navbar:

Managing space navigation bar
-------------------------------

Each space is featured with some "pages" on the space navigation bar.
These pages may contain applications or any content. By clicking on each
page, you will be redirected to it.

|SP-26|

> Also, you can easily manage these applications display order on the space navigation bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can easily change the applications display order 
```

> by selecting choices between: *Move After* or *Move Before*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with *Move After* or *Move Before*.
```

> Every change is automatically saved and the new applications order is available after a refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All changes are automatically saved and the new order is applied after reloading the page.
```

> Every changement is automatically saved and the new applications order is available after a refresh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every change is automatically saved and the new applications order is available after a refresh.
```

Joining a space
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> :ref:`Go to the Spaces page <Access-Space>` and you will see all your spaces and ones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Go to the Spaces page <Access-Space>` and you will see all your spaces and those
```

|image61|

 .. note: After you have left a space, the space will not exist in the My
			Spaces tab, but in the All Spaces tab (for the "visible" space
			only). You are not able to view activities of the spaces you have
			left unless those where you have been mentioned.
      Once you leave the space, you will not be able to see any activity, nor

>       receiving notifications of your former publications on this space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      receiving notifications of your former publications done in this space
```

|image66|

> If you are a member in the space and not an administrator or creator, in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a member in the space and not an administrator
```

> addition to the previously cited components, a Chat button allowing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will see a Chat button allowing
```
